login_hint statement for auth code flow (#242)
camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement: documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md

The OIDC Authorization Code Flow is defined in [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html)

### Optional Parameters

> The [OIDC Authentication Request](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest) defines `login_hint` as an OPTIONAL request parameter. CAMARA does not define a specific handling for this parameter in OIDC Authorization Code Flow. To ensure better interoperability, CAMARA RECOMMENDS that if `login_hint` parameter is present in the authentication request and the athorization server does not use it, it SHOULD ignore it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [OIDC Authentication Request](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest) defines `login_hint` as an OPTIONAL request parameter. CAMARA does not define a specific handling for this parameter in OIDC Authorization Code Flow. To ensure better interoperability, CAMARA RECOMMENDS that if `login_hint` parameter is present in the authentication request and the authorization server does not recognise it, it SHOULD ignore it.  
```
